README.md, before:

# tim-berners-lee
## Challenge HTML + CSS

This project is a challenge presented by BeCode Junior Dev course. It will allow to see the students level on HTML and CSS. 

The idea is to recreate the page given as an exemple.

The following are some of my steps while completing the project.

## Setting Github

- Create a repository with the correct name: [tim-berners-lee](https://github.com/LuanPM284/tim-berners-lee)
- Add a **README** file and comment on the procect: README.md
- Create an *images* folder:

  On local machine
  ```bash
  # see where we are
  pwd
  # chose the correct directory
  ls
  # clone the repository to work on local
  git clone https://github.com/LuanPM284/tim-berners-lee.git
  # access the directory
  cd tim-berners-lee
  # make new directory called images
  mkdir images
  # enter images folder
  cd images
  # create a new file 
  touch .gitignore
  # leave folder images
  cd ..
  # see the status of modified files inside the git folder
  git status
  # add all files to stage
  dit add .
  # commit the changes and message the changes
  git commit -m "message of creating directory"
  # push back to the github repository online
  git push
  ```

Commit message:

started the HTML part of notes

README.md, after:

# tim-berners-lee
## Challenge HTML + CSS

This project is a challenge presented by BeCode Junior Dev course. It will allow to see the students level on HTML and CSS. 

The idea is to recreate the page given as an exemple.

The following are some of my steps while completing the project.

## Setting Github

### Create a repository with the correct name: [tim-berners-lee](https://github.com/LuanPM284/tim-berners-lee)
### Add a **README** file and comment on the procect: README.md
### Create an *images* folder:

  On local machine
  ```bash
  # see where we are
  pwd
  # chose the correct directory
  ls
  # clone the repository to work on local
  git clone https://github.com/LuanPM284/tim-berners-lee.git
  # access the directory
  cd tim-berners-lee
  # make new directory called images
  mkdir images
  # enter images folder
  cd images
  # create a new file 
  touch .gitignore
  # leave folder images
  cd ..
  # see the status of modified files inside the git folder
  git status
  # add all files to stage
  dit add .
  # commit the changes and message the changes
  git commit -m "message of creating directory"
  # push back to the github repository online
  git push
  ```
### Create an index.html and a styles.css

On local machine:

```bash
touch index.html
touch styles.css
code index.html
```
### HTML

I started by looking at the exemple and to separate the parts by blocks  so that I could try and write then on code using HTML.

I also wrote the minimun texte in order to have an understanding of what goes where. This will count as a first step, add, commit and push to make sure the changes are saved.
